1212	1	"@ORGANIZATION1, @CAPS1 studies have been conducted over the past few years, and they show that people of all ages spend @PERCENT1 of their free time on the computers. This is becoming a problem all over our state and country. Computers are consuming the lives of everyone. An anonymous source claims that they use their computer to contact old friends. A study shows that phone usage has gone down because adults and teens would prefer to email or instant message a friend. This results in sitting in front of a computer screen waiting for a responce. @PERSON1, a student at @ORGANIZATION2 says, "I go on the computer once or twice a week. i dont use it all that much because I'd rather be out having fun with all my friends rather than be holed up in a room by myself." @CAPS2 people believe it is a way to be more social, but it really isn't. It's just sitting in front of a screen talking to people you @MONTH1 not even know too well. When you sit down in your computer chair and start e-mailing away, you aren't doing any physical exercise. The @CAPS2 movement people will normally do is get up and go to the bathroom. Then they are right back in a chair, making minimal movements. @PERCENT2 of people who sit in front of a computer end up obese because they don't burn any calories. Since they don't relesase many endorphins, so they aren't very happy. If they got up and went outdoors to do physical exercise, they would be fit and happy . Often, teenagers feel more powerful when they are using a computer. They find it easier to disobey rules their parents set for them. Teens also find it easier to bully other children via the internet or social networks. @NUM1 out of @NUM2 students at @ORGANIZATION2 middle @ORGANIZATION2 confess to being the target of malicious bullying online. @NUM3 out of @NUM2 confess to be bullied, and they definitely don't want to be bullied on facebook or myspace where everything is out on your profile for your peers to see. Teens should have limited time on the computer, so they don't do anything they will regret in their future. Therefore, adults and teens should be aware that using a computer is fine, but they shouldn't over use the luxury of a way to find information quickly or contact a friend in a foreign country. This generation needs to be reminded that their whole life shouldn't be spent on the computer. Probably less than @NUM5 minutes a day should be spent checking your e-mail or instant messaging a friend. Then you should go outdoors and spend time with your friends and family."	5	4		9
1279	1	"@ORGANIZATION2, @CAPS1 are many reasons why the computer technoligy benefits the society. For starters, the newspaper companies use computers to write the @ORGANIZATION2 paper. Personally, I believe that computers benefit the society for many reasons. Computers help with education, career building, and helps people connect with family. By readin this letter, I hope that this make computers appealing to you. One reason why people benefit from computers is how they help with education. In a poll taken at @ORGANIZATION1, @PERCENT1 of the students say that computers hel htem with their academic career. Also, many adults use computers for an education too. In the student body in class of '@NUM1 at @CAPS2 high school, most of the students quit school before they could finish senior year. @PERCENT2 of those students finished their high school and college years through online classes. Another reason how computers benefit the society is by helping with careers. At @CAPS3 industries, @PERSON1, the @CAPS4, says, " I dont know where our business would be if we didn't use computers. " @CAPS5 to a poll taken by @CAPS4's of many high ranning industries, @PERCENT3 said that their business revolves around the internet. this could very well be the poll your @CAPS4 took. Finally, computers help families that are seperated, connect with each other. A marine said that he tries to contact his family as much as he can while he is at sea. If anyone deserves to contact their family that they haven't seen in two years, it should deffinately be the people in the army. In conclusion, the computer technoligy has benefited many people. A system that could regulate peoples computer use could be implamented but it would not make anybody happy. The changes could be made but, if anyone tried to take something important away, would you not do anything to stop it?"	5	4		9
1344	1	"@ORGANIZATION1, ore and more people use computers @DATE1, but this is not necessarily a good thing. Spendign too mcuh time on computers affects your activity level. Also. Kids are now staying up later on the compute, in turn lowering grades. Finally, spending too much time on the computer decrease the amount of time spent with friends and family. Firstly, spending too much time on the computer affects your activity level. The more time spent has on a computer, the less time a person has to do something active, like exercising @PERCENT1 of people spend more than @NUM1 @NUM2 hours on the computer per day, if @NUM3 or so hours were used to exercise or play a sport that number would decrease to @PERCENT2 according to a recent study. Doctors have said that at least @PERCENT3 of overweight parents spend most o ftheir time on the computer, thus limiting their time exercising. The amount of spent on the computer has been shown to decrease activity level and effect the number of overweight and obese people everywhere. If we want to become a healthier country, we should state @CAPS5 writing time spent on computers. Also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades @CAPS5 doing so. More time spent on @CAPS1 or anywhere on the @CAPS2 means less time studying, which means lower grades. Kids in spent an average of @NUM3 @NUM2 hours on the computer each day, while kids spend @NUM6 @NUM2 hours each day. A student in @PERSON2 saw their grades improve from a @CAPS3+ to a @CAPS4+ just @CAPS5 spending less time on the computer and more. That studnet also felt more because they get more computer. This tests and quizzes. Computers clearly negative effect on grades and school work. Finally, computers limit the amount of time spent with family nd friends. A student, @PERSON1, said that she, "spent more time going out with friends now that computer isn't up all my time, @CAPS5 doing this, i have a better friendshhip with all my friends than before. "A kid that uses the computer during all of the free time spends @PERCENT4 less time with friends than someone who usues it in moderation. Afmilies also suffer from this a swell. If a family member spends all their time on the computer, the other family members will have less of a relationship with them because they don't talk or do anything together an dwill likely not know what is going on i their life or if something is wrong. As you can tell, computers also have a negative effect on relationships with family and friends. The overuse of computers does nnot benefit society. They affect a persons activity level, students grades and most importantly a persons realtionships with family and friends. In oredr to ake our country a better and healthier place, we must the time spent on computers."	6	6		12
1402	1	"@CAPS8 more and more technology is being invented, people use the computer to do work and to learn. But more time on the computer is not neccessarily a good thing. People do not exercise enough, strain their eyes, and have less interaction with real people. One reason computers are having negative affect on people is because they no longer get enough exercise. Take my freind @CAPS1 for example. He was a triathlete, who trained everyday so he could be in the @CAPS2 @CAPS3-@CAPS4 man in @LOCATION1 next @DATE1. But then he got his computer. @CAPS1 had suddenly lost interest in exercise and spend his whole day checking his e-mail instead of training. But he is not the only person who has become unhealthy because of computers. Experts say that @CAPS5 with computers at home get only @PERCENT1 of the exercise @CAPS5 without computers get. @CAPS5 with computers also were more likely to be overweight and choose chips over an apple in a study performed at @ORGANIZATION1. @PERSON1, who headed this study said, "@CAPS5 are taught by society that computers can do such wonderful things and educate them. However, they are not taught how bad they can be for you health when used too much." @CAPS6, computers are a problem to our health. Another reason computers are a problem is because they strain you eyes. When my school had disabled people come and talk to us @DATE1, there was a blind lady named @PERSON5, who lost her sight because she was a workaholic and spend too much time on her laptop. But she is not the only one to lose her vision because of computers. Scientests at the @CAPS7 lab in @LOCATION2 said that @NUM1 out of @NUM2 regular computer users lost their vision within two years. One of these scientist, @PERSON3, reported, "@CAPS8 more people begin to use the computer, more people seriously hurt their eyes or even lose their vision. We estimate @PERCENT2 of this next generation will be legally blind before age @NUM3." @CAPS9, this new technology is harmful and very damaging to our vision. A third reason people should not use computer is because they stop interacting with real people. My uncle, @PERSON4, lives in @LOCATION3. We used to see each other from time to time and talk on the phone about once a week. That is, until he found out about the chat rooms and virtual worlds on the internet. Now, I haven't seen or talked to him in almost a @DATE1 because he has created a new family on the computer and spends the whole day pretending he is a @CAPS10 an fighting dragons on the internet game @CAPS10 @CAPS11. But he is not the only person with this issue. It is proven that @PERCENT3 of people who go into games like these or chatrooms lose interest in friends and family and their social skills worsen. Professor @PERSON2 had this to say about how this is affecting @CAPS5. "Too many @CAPS5 are finding out about these sites and getting hooked. They stop caring about school, sports, even their friends. It's alarming!" @CAPS12 reason could you have to use a computer after learning how bad it is for you and your @CAPS5! Computers will bring nothing but grief to humanity. They are extremely dangerous for our health. They cause us to stop exercising and gain weight, permanently damage our eyes, and deny us of the proper socialization that all people need to be happy and health. Is this @CAPS12 you want for your self and generations to come?"	5	6		11
1479	1	"@CAPS1, @CAPS1 boom, bom! Those are the noises of pinball on my computer. "@CAPS2! Yea we won". Those are noises you don't want to be hearing all day. Always being on your computer is bad for your health. @CAPS5 you are a computer freak you will become overweight, it's bad for your eyes, and you can't enjoy beautiful nature. "@CAPS3 you want to be so heavy that you can't even lift yourself out of bed? I don't think so. @CAPS5 you are always sitting at the computer desk then you might be like that. @PERCENT1 of doctors say that @CAPS5 you don't get up from the computer desk you will become obese! Being obese is terrible for your health. It can take years off your life. @CAPS5 you want to live a long healthy life you need to get up from the computer and exercise. "@CAPS4 I think I need a stronger, my eye are getting worse! @CAPS5 something like this has ever happened tp you it's because your your eyes to at the computers screen all day. @PERSON1 says, "@CAPS5 you are at the computer all the time you will need glasses or a stronger." @CAPS6 and children need to get away from their computers. studies show that more adults are on computers, playing games than children. Have fresh, healthy eyes and get away the computer. The acroos your chill. in your right ear. The sun giving you the most beatiful tan. @CAPS3 you like the sound of this? Take away from your computer and go outside. This is the amazing experience you can get from going outside. @CAPS5 you sit at the computer screen maybe you can watch someone else enjoying the great, relaxing experience you shoud have. Get up, get active and go outside. Now is the time to get up from your computer. @CAPS5 you haven't learned, the computer is an unhealthy thing for humans to use. Be like me and get rid of your computer. You need to be healthy and most of all active. Have good eyes and enjoy nature. Don't use the computer."	4	4		8
1499	1	"@CAPS1 you want people to be over weight? @CAPS1 you wat our beautifal out doors to be ruined? And @CAPS1 you want familys to be distant because they are to pre @CAPS2? Statistics show that @PERCENT2 of familys dont talk because they are to preocupied with computar games. The issue to grapple with is @CAPS1 computars have an affect on people. Yes, I think that computars have a negitive affect on people based on the following reasons. People spent to much time on the computar and dont get enought exersize, they dont enjoy the nature that we have, and they dont inter act with there family and friends. People spent to much time on the computar and dont get enough exersize. Statistics show that @PERCENT3 of people that are over weight spend more time on the computar than on the track. I remember a time when I was over weight be cause I spent to much time on the computar. One day my mom took the computar ant threw it out the window and I had no chioce but to go outside and get some exersize. @CAPS1 you want kids to be over weight like I was? Many people dont get to enjoy the great out doors because they are to preocupied with the computar. Lisa, a volentere worker in @LOCATION1, says "This feild used to be a vast array of plants and animal life, but now it is a waste land because of computars. No one had the time to worry of the natural wonder because they were to @CAPS2 with there computar animated jobs and didnt care what came of it. @CAPS1 you want this to happen to our country? @PERCENT4 of high technological places are dirty with very little plant life because the workers need to tend to the computars rather than the bushes. Some familys have a hard time talking about their dayly lifes becuse they spendin to much time on the computar and dont spend the time to talk and get to know each other. Statistics show that @PERCENT1 ofdevorces are related to not being able to have aconversation and with more technoligy on the way that number will grow. I remember that my parents got devorced because my dad spent more time on the computar than talking to me or my mom. Most people think that computars are good for research. Yes, but you are still cooped up in the house insted of in a big library with all the information you need. I think that computars have a negitive impact on people."	5	5		10
1548	1	"Dear local Newspaper. I am stating my opinion that the more people use computers the less they spend with their family. I have three ressons why computer are good or bad. Not every one agrees that computer are benefitsal for the society. The positive effect and negative effect that computers have on people. My resson for supporting this @CAPS1 that computer are good or bad are that computers have a positive effect on people. The second @CAPS1 is to be able to talk to other people on line. The last @CAPS1 I have is Spending more time with family than on the computer. The first resson that i have for computers is how they have for computers is how they have positive effect on people. The examples that I have to Support this @CAPS1 are that computers tech hand eye coordination, computers given people the ability to Learn about far way place and peop. The second resson that I have on computers is that you talk to people online. The examples that I have to support my @CAPS1 are the website that kids us to talk to their friends like myspace and facebook. The place that kid like to go to are tutube and even blogging about everything and everyone. Some of theis thing can be good if you don't post picture or other this on your myspace or facebook. I think that these website are dangers because somebody can hack in to your file and they can try to talk to you like their your friend. The third resson I have to support my @CAPS1 is that we should spend more time with our family than being on the computer the whole time I have example on want we should do with or familys instead of being on the computers I have some @CAPS1 of games that we can play with our familys instead of being on the computers, The games that we can play with our familys are monopoly, somy, canda landy card, video games, we can also talk to our family instead of talking to our friends the whole time. When we can injoy want we have in live not just with computers but with our family. Inconclusion I am statting my opinion that the more time people spend on computers than with their own family. I have three resson on why computers are good or bad. The ress that I have to support my @CAPS1 are that computers have a positive effeck on people, to be able to talk to people online, To spend more time with family than on the computer."	4	4		8		
1578	1	"Dear @CAPS1, You use a computer a lot right? Good if you @CAPS7 because @CAPS7 you beleive that experts are questioning why @CAPS5 use them a lot? Well I think people need them because its how @CAPS5 know whats going on in the world, its how @CAPS5 know how the weather is like so accidents can be avoided, and you you can flip on your @CAPS2.V., but than you have to wait for what you want to go on. So you decide @ORGANIZATION1, should @CAPS5 be outside more? Don’@CAPS2 you need to know whats going on too? Of course you @CAPS7, everyone does. I think that it is important that @CAPS5 know @CAPS4 a meteor is about to strike the world no? President @PERSON2 even says the computer is where @PERCENT2 of the world gets info. On whats going on. Are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of the @LOCATION1? Don’@CAPS2 think so. Im @PERCENT1 sure that @ORGANIZATION1 doesn’@CAPS2 want to be known as the accident State. Well thats why @CAPS5 need the computer! For people to know if I will snow, sleet, or if there is bad traffic than @CAPS5 need to go to the internet to find out @CAPS4 and where and what time. CEO of @CAPS3, @PERSON1, says “@CAPS4 someone says ‘@CAPS5 might be getting some snow or rain’ than they usually go right to the internet ” You you can turn on your @CAPS2.V. to find out whats going on, but not all of it you will want/need to know. So you will have to wait. The internet just does it right on the spot. No waiting involved! (unless you have a bad internet connection) @CAPS7 you think these reasons are making a good argument? I @CAPS7. @CAPS7 you use your computer for finding out whats going on, what the weather is like, and instead of the @LOCATION2? If so I think you would aggree with me."	4	5		9
1643	1	My three detaileds for this news paper article is one state you opinion about the effects of computers. Seconde give detailed resons that will persuade of the local newspaper to agree with yor postition. This are my three ideas to the news paper article. To bigin my opinion about the computer effects are wast time. Many people wast time computers like fat people insted by insted by in the computer go and run or exercising. Insted be computer go out ur girlfriend or family or family or friends to have fun. So be incomputer to long is bad many kids wach bad stuff like for adults. Is good to be in computer but not to long. To start you shod agree with me becasue my detailed and my reason. My resons are many airs the bas stuff like porn. Many kids wach that it ruins ther mainly and the futur. They get addicted to that watching. So people that use computer for good stuff its old for mids for good ganes of good. This are my detailed and resons for yor with me. To bigin and going to organize my ideas and well and present them clearly. It good to be at the computer but not the long insted go out plat and exersus. abd yor can enjoy life insted be in computer. The bad things many kids wach bad stuff and cmputer has relly bad staff. The computer is use for evrye thing this days. This how organize my ideas. In conclusion this are my ideas for the news papaer. Ols I state my opinion on computer effects. I give detailed and resons that will persuade local news paper and to agree with me. Think I organize my ideas as much present them clearly. This are my ideas so could new papaer to se computers effects.	4	4		6
